The asphalt burns
and sweat oozes out of every pore
as the blazing sun saps your energy away.
I get it. I feel your pain.
I'm in sales, too, after all.
But I must apologize.
My words of empathy, spoken in the
chilly confines of this smoking room,
hold no water at all, and I know that.
This little act isn't helping.
Why is the damn A/C out of order?!
This must be part
of the chief's master plan!
He probably jammed
one of his things inside the A/C!
He can't be that bored.
Don't get so heated.
You'll only feel the heat.
Oh, fine.
It'll get fixed tomorrow.
It'll get fixed next week.
It'll stay like this all summer.
Oh?
Good news, Suzuki.
It'll get fixed tomorrow.
What? How would you know that?
My little superstition.
It's pretty accurate, you know?
Squee! I'm tickled pink to hear that!
If it's not fixed tomorrow,
you're a dead man!
Now, now.
Just believe in me and wait, Suzuki-san.
A cool future is nearly upon us.
Urk.
G-Good evening.
My bad.
I was washing away some milk
a driver spilled everywhere
and started enjoying it too much.
A hose is a mighty tempting plaything.
This is weirdly tense.
Thank you for lending me
the towel and trousers.
It's the least I could do,
since it was my fault.
Oh, not at all.
No need to be so formal, Sasaki-kun.
We're pretty close in age.
W-We are?!
You look like you're in your forties.
And I'm forty exactly.
Let's keep it casual.
Someone around my age is heading the
busiest supermarket around these parts?
You have my utmost respect.
Why'd that make you up the formality?
You must be impressed every time
you learn a person's age.
I can only imagine how you reacted
when you learned Tayama's.
Huh? Tayama-san's age?
Yeah.
I have no idea.
Don't you smoke together all the time?
Y-Yeah.
You don't ask her any personal questions?
I don't.
Do you just have no interest in people?
Huh?
Of course I'm interested.
While she messes with me at times,
she still talks to an old dude like me.
How could I not want
to get to know her better?
But I enjoy just listening to the things
she wants to talk about.
The rest I can just wonder
about as I walk home.
No wonder she took to him.
I get it now.
So you're saying you do like Tayama-san?
Whoa! Can we not jump to conclusions?!
Do you hate her, then?
You know I don't!
Then what exactly is it?
I mean, of course I lik...
Heya, I dropped by after a shopping trip.
Hmm?
Tch.
I'm sorry, Sasaki-kun. I've been summoned
to deal with a customer complaint.
I'll be back with money
to pay for your dry cleaning.
Have a chat with Tayama in the meantime.
Oh, okay...
Bye.
You're soaked, Sasaki-san.
Oh, yeah, I had a little accident.
Huh...
By the way, uh, Tayama-san?
Did you hear all that?
Hear all what?
Nothing. It was no big deal.
Your manager and I
were just making small talk—
Wait, what? T-Tayama-san?
You need to dry your hair.
Uh, I didn't get my head wet...
Twenty-four.
Wh...
What is that number?
You can wonder about that
as you walk home.